
In The News is a website where users can make searches and get side by side comparisons on how different news organizations are covering the topic.

It was made using React and an API from newsapi.org. It's a fairly simple design. Upon opening the page users see 4 things: the title, a search field, a list of news organizations, and how many organizations they can pick. This is done to make the website easy to use for anyone regardless of technical proficiency or navigation skills. After defining what they want to search and where they want the news from, the users click on the search button which cause the API to fire and get the news from the websites. The response is then sorted into an array for each news organization. The arrays are then put into the DOM, where the user can scroll and see the stories that have been published. The information given back to the user are headlines, which contain links to the stories, and a short description of the story that is being covered.

The website can be found at https://in-the-news.vercel.app/

To run In The News on your own machine download the files and enter npm start in the project directory. 

This project was inspired from the common complaint of news organizations either not covering a topic or covering a topic badly. Hearing this complaint I wanted to make a site that can retrive the news from various sites and then put that news next to each other so the user can see for themselves how different publications are covering the same stories. I think that this website achieves that to a degree. It does what I want it to do but the API is missing some very popular news organizations and sometimes the quality of the response I get from the API are low. To guarantee better coverage and a wider variety of sources, one would need to use more than one API and would need to upgrade to paid APIs.